Add cloud recording finished webhook docs (#19)
whereby/docs: monitoring-usage/webhooks.md

| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| error    | The error message that describes why the transcription failed to process. |

## Cloud Recording Data properties

> Properties in `data` that are common to all transcription webhook events:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties in `data` that are common to all cloud recording webhook events:
```
Alternatively just say something like this:
```
Properties in `data` for the `recording.finished` webhook event
```
Since we only have one recording event at the moment.

| Property      | Description                                                                |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `filename`    | The name and extension of the recording.                                   |

> | `recordingId` | The identifier of the recording that the transcription is associated with. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `recordingId` | The identifier of the recording. |
```
